{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Nikto v2.5.0/\
+ Target Host: 10.0.2.15\
+ Target Port: 8080\
+ GET /: The anti-clickjacking X-Frame-Options header is not present. See: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options: \
+ GET /: The X-Content-Type-Options header is not set. This could allow the user agent to render the content of the site in a different fashion to the MIME type. See: https://www.netsparker.com/web-vulnerability-scanner/vulnerabilities/missing-content-type-header/: \
+ HEAD SimpleHTTP/0.6 appears to be outdated (current is at least 1.2).\
+ GET /./: Appending '/./' to a directory allows indexing.\
+ GET //: Apache on Red Hat Linux release 9 reveals the root directory listing by default if there is no index page.\
+ GET /%2e/: Weblogic allows source code or directory listing, upgrade to v6.0 SP1 or higher. See: BID-2513: \
+ GET /%2f/: Weblogic allows source code or directory listing, upgrade to v6.0 SP1 or higher. See: BID-2513: \
+ GET /?PageServices: The remote server may allow directory listings through Web Publisher by forcing the server to show all files via 'open directory browsing'. Web Publisher should be disabled. See: CVE-1999-0269: \
+ GET /?wp-cs-dump: The remote server may allow directory listings through Web Publisher by forcing the server to show all files via 'open directory browsing'. Web Publisher should be disabled. See: CVE-1999-0269: \
+ GET /.bashrc: User home dir was found with a shell rc file. This may reveal file and path information.\
+ GET /.profile: User home dir with a shell profile was found. May reveal directory information and system configuration.\
+ GET ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////: Abyss 1.03 reveals directory listing when multiple /'s are requested. See: CVE-2002-1078: \
+ GET /#wp-config.php#: #wp-config.php# file found. This file contains the credentials.\
}